NEW DELHI: The Aam Aadmi Party's (AAP's) stance against FDI in retail has come in for criticism by one of its recent high-profile entrants from the world of business. GR Gopinath or Captain Gopinath, the pioneer of low-cost aviation in India, who joined AAP in Bangalore on January 4, on Wednesday publicly disagreed with its decision to disallow majority foreign-owned supermarket groups from operating in Delhi, and warned that the party ran the danger of being "branded like other political parties of resorting to cheap and populist measures". Gopinath said the AAP-led government's decision to reverse its predecessor's permission for FDI in multi-brand retail would send a wrong message to investors that India is an unstable country with regard to economic policies. "AAP is unwittingly also playing into the hands Indian oligopolies who were opposing FDI in retail so that they could have a monopoly... Which means it is okay for Indian corporates to rape India and not foreign retail. That's exactly what 'crony capitalism' is," he said. Gopinath, a former army captain-turned entrepreneur, said he personally believed allowing FDI in multi-brand retail, a September 2012 decision of the UPA government that became a litmus test of India's ability to undertake reforms, was a good idea and the opposition to it was from "the old BJP lobby of small traders". "Opening up is good for the farmers and also the economy and the country. The view of small retailers is unfounded... No retail corporation can shake our Udupi hotels or mom-and-pop groceries. Even in the West, the corner store thrives. No Pizza Hut has dislodged Italian eateries," he said. "AAP must step back and deliberate and not do anything in haste in terms of policy decisions." AAP, which became a political sensation after it trounced the Congress in Delhi elections, has seen a steady stream of high-profile names sign up to become its members. Apart from Gopinath, former banker Meera Sanyal and former Infosys board member V Balakrishnan have joined the party.